---
title: "When the sum is greater than its parts"
description: "Composite sampling jobs can now be created in Agworld"
image: test.jpg
author: Corbs
---

In many situations in life the 'sum is greater than its parts'; whether we talk about the components that form a car together, a football team or your fav<%= I18n.t(:'t.our') %>ite band - working together often pays off exponentially for those involved. In the world of software engineering and data management, the same concept applies: integrations, connectivity and businesses working together allows the ecosystem as a whole to unlock potential that is otherwise not achievable.

Over the last five years we have seen the agtech industry move from stand-alone software systems that operated on desktops and in isolation, to more sophisticated solutions that are now cloud-enabled and inter-connected. Providers, like Agworld and Precision Cropping Technologies (PCT) Agcloud, have recogni<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>ed that it is impossible for one company to be 'the best' at everything, and that the answer lies in becoming the master in one area, and collaborating with other providers that are masters in their relevant area.

When we started our collaboration with Agworld back in 2015 our aim was to provide growers and their service providers a seamlessly connected experience with their farm data. With our integrations - data is no longer stuck in separate silos, which limits its use to very specific cases and prevents the user from seeing the 'bigger picture' but rather helps them truly improve their decision making process across their business. Another advantage of creating integrations between platforms like PCT Agcloud and Agworld is that double-entry of data became obsolete and double-handling of data, by having to move or duplicate it, has become a thing of the past.

Having all your farm data in the same ecosystem ensures that you have a single point of truth between all different providers and connected users such as advi<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>ors, farm staff, growers, operators and other connected people, meaning they are always working on the same common set of data that is live and up to date. Connecting everyone involved in the farming process through coordinated digital resources and workflows allows for superior business coordination, even at the peak of the season when everyone is busy and deadlines are tight.

Grower, Farm, and Field structures are connected between Agworld and PCT Agcloud, which ensures that you have 'one source of truth' and no conflicting or out of sync boundaries, field names or farm details. Once this connection is established, the following data flows between both platforms:

The future of digital ag is bright, and it is an exciting and dynamic place to be right now. Automation in the equipment as well as in the digital information systems that support farming is fast becoming a reality. We see the leading solutions will be those that can connect and can integrate well across critical areas for the growers and their advi<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>ors, and that ultimately deliver both the breadth and depth in capability that is needed to meet the demands of modern farming. The collaboration between PCT Agcloud and Agworld is not new, in fact we have been integrating and working together for over 7 years. We have learnt plenty along the way coupled with many technology advancements in this time, our integrations are an evolution of this experience. We are excited to provide these connected solutions that form an industry-leading next generation offering to our users.

PCT Agcloud and Agworld are both globally operating companies. We receive user feedback from growers, agronomists and service providers across many different regions and reach many different climates, cropping segments and experiences; this feedback is central to our development roadmap and how we shape these integrations and our broader solutions as we move into the future. I'm proud that PCT Agcloud and Agworld are leading the industry forward together, and if you have any feedback on your experience with our integration, I'd like to hear from you; we'd love to have you help us shape the future of digital agtech!
