---
title: "Agworld and Mobble: a compelling call to action for mixed livestock and crop managers"
description: "Composite sampling jobs can now be created in Agworld"
image: test.jpg
author: Corbs
---

Agworld, the world's leading collaborative farm information ecosystem, and Mobble, a livestock farm management software that strips back complications and puts a focus on connection and simplicity, announced that they have created a data integration between both platforms. Agworld and Mobble both have a strong belief in creating an all-inclusive farm data ecosystem that centrali<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>es data for farmers. With Agworld and Mobble masters of their respective trades, an integration between the two platforms creates the best of both worlds for mixed farmers. Creating a data integration that allows farmers to see certain data from Mobble on the Agworld maps page is a natural next step for both providers.

“Created by farmers and for farmers, Mobble is a cloud-based software that works to provide a practical solution that gives livestock farmers more visibility and better access to their records on the fly. The software works offline, simplifies record keeping and connects the team - helping farmers make more informed decisions for their operation,” says Mobble CEO Jock Lawrence. “At the end of the day, Mobble is all about keeping it simple with livestock record keeping at the core. Agworld has a laser focus on what they're doing with the cropping side of things and same goes for us with livestock management. Bringing together the two gives the best of both worlds and ultimately makes mixed farmers' lives easier.”

The initial integration stage allows livestock data from Mobble, such as paddock grazing duration and days rested, stocking rates, age, groups and classes, to be visuali<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>ed in Agworld via 'Frames by Agworld'. Farmers that already use Agworld and are looking to trial Mobble as well are able to seamlessly import the Agworld boundaries into Mobble.

Agworld CEO Doug Fitch comments: “Since the day we started Agworld, it's been our mission to 'connect the industry' and break down the many different data silos that exist in Agriculture. The digital revolution is great for farming in many aspects, but having to use a plethora of apps on a daily basis isn't something that farmers are looking for. With that in mind we developed 'Frames by Agworld' as it allows Agworld and its many integration partners to create simple and easy to execute integrations that enable third parties to visuali<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>e data in Agworld. Having livestock data from Mobble displayed in Agworld is a huge step for us as a company, as it caters towards the large group of mixed farmers in Australia and New Zealand that want to use both a cropping and a livestock farm management solution, but that also like to see a connection between the two. What Agworld and Mobble are doing is industry-leading and I know that it will be well received in our farming community.”

###### About Mobble
Created by farmers and for farmers, Mobble is a livestock farm management software that works to provide a practical solution that gives farmers more visibility and better access to their records on the fly.  Founded back in 2018, the idea behind the homegrown company was born on Founder Jock Lawrence's family farm in a bid to find software suitable for their operation. The cloud-based software works offline, simplifies record keeping and connects the team - helping farmers make more informed decisions for their operation. With over 1,000 farmers across Australia and New Zealand using Mobble and close to 4 million stock units under management, Mobble is on a mission to make farmers' lives easier and more successful. Learn more about Mobble at <a href="https://www.mobble.io/?&utm_source=partner&utm_medium=content&utm_campaign=agworld" target="_blank">Mobble.io</a>

###### About Agworld
Agworld is an international Farm Information Management Ecosystem, founded in 2009, headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, and part of the Semios group of companies. Agworld is a global leader in collaborative farm management enabling growers, advisors and third parties to work together as one on a single platform. Agworld's industry-leading standardi<%= I18n.t(:'t.s') %>ed database makes it quick and easy to create accurate, reportable farm data. With over 100 million acres paid for and managed in Agworld across five countries, Agworld has the experience, capacity and market presence to support the delivery of innovation to growers, agronomists and those that serve them. Learn more about Agworld at <a href="https://agworld.com">www.agworld.com</a>.
